Watch out for dragons!
But, There's one they fear...
Do you get to the cloud district very often?
Join the Giant Space Program!
I used to be a Minecrafter like you...
Now with 50% less arrow to the knees
For the stormcloaks!
Imperial dogs!
Khajiit has wares, if you have coin...
You are finally awake...
The Best techniques are passed on by the Survivors. -Gaiden Shinji
Fus-Ro-dah!
Let me guess somebody stole your sweet roll
Your money or your life
ANOTHER HAND TOUCHES THE BEACON
Paarthunax did nothing wrong
I Used To Be An Adventurer Like You, Then I Took An Arrow In The Knee.
A new hand touches the beacon, hear me and obey. A foul darkness has swept through my temple that you will destroy. Come to my statue at the top of mount kilkreath and I will make you the instrument of my cleansling light.
That was from memory btw kill me please
WizzyCook07/27/2020
"T'ekkaluk."
Perry the Platypus07/27/2020
N’wah
FragTrain07/27/2020
Where is Lydia?
Riverwood trader is now open
Perry the Platypus07/27/2020
Fus Ro Dah
FragTrain07/27/2020
The dragonborn comes
Marry me Serana :(
I am sworn to carry your burdens
It just works...
Paid for with YOUR blood!
yOu tiNK u Can tEkK ME?
You won't LEAVE SKYRIM ALIVE!
Cant wait to count out your coin
Traveling Villager has wares if you have the emeralds.
Wait, do I know you?
They say Herobrine murdered Notch...with his EYES! Stared him apart!
They say Ulfric murdered High King Torygg...with the Voice!  Shouted him apart!
Poor Cisero is STUCK!!
Never should've come here...
The 7000 steps to high hrothgar!a guard might get nervous, a man approaches with his weapon drawn
Odahviing!
careful with that fire
Why not just all the guard dialogue
Protect Yamarz.
"Go cast your fancy magic someplace else"
What is it, imperial?
Dovahkiin!
I'll mount your head on my wall!
You'll make a fine rug, cat!
We know
Some gate guard you were!
This is obviosly a shakedown
Another wanderer, here to lick my father's boots. Good job.
Sky guide you
Sky above, Voice within.
Nyaah!
You do not even speak our tongue, do you?
Should've known better than to challenge a master wizard of House Telvanni!
Let me guess, someone stole your sweetroll?
It's time to rip dragons from the skies and chew bubblegum! But you're all out of gum...
I used to be an adventurer like you...